[Task] DEP-304: Deployment of release v5.0.0 (#13)
getyoti/yoti-face-capture-ios: README.md

### 5. Customize framework configuration
Provide a Configuration instance when calling the startAnalyzing method
```swift
let faceCenter = CGPoint(x: view.center.x / view.bounds.width
			 y: view.center.y / view.bounds.height)
let faceCaptureConfiguration = Configuration(faceCenter: faceCenter,
                                             imageQuality: .medium,
                                             validationOptions: [.faceNotStraight])
faceCaptureViewController.startAnalyzing(withConfiguration: faceCaptureConfiguration)    
```
The `faceCenter` parameter is the normalised point, in relation to `faceCaptureViewController.view`, in the centre of the area where you expect the user to place their face.

> The analysis will return a `faceNotCentered` error they move away from that point significantly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The analysis will return a `faceNotCentered` error when the user moves away from that point significantly.
```
